---
date: 2024-10-16
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hc1PVBxnrpSVu4VgWu0DRy0Hj1AT5J30/view?usp=sharing
---

## Agenda
- ???

## Attendees
  - [ ] Sebastian Nagel
  - [x] Perry Wasserbauer
  - [x] George Flerovsky
  - [ ] Reza Baram
  - [x] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [ ] Tudor Cotruta
  - [x] Philip Di Sarro
  - [x] Pi Lanningham
  - [ ] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Benjamin Hart
  - [ ] Franco Testagrossa
  - [x] Noon van der Silk
  - [ ] Trym Bruset
  - [ ] Caiña Costa
  - [ ] Sam Leathers
  - [x] Lucas Pedro
  - [x] Sandip Pandey
  - [ ] Jingles
  - [ ] Martin Schere
  - [x] Aaron Boyle
  - [ ] Jingles K

## Notes

- Incremental commits
- Partial fanout
- <https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/130826>
- Aiken
- Could try plutarch (George says more performant than Aiken!)
- Hydra in the Browser (with Pi)
  - Ledger in the browser?
  - AltNodes?
    - Wasm
  - Networking
- Interoperability
  - Lots of Hydra heads
  - Savings and chequeing accounts
  - Very rapid networking
- Gumyworm
  - "Composability across the boundary"
  - Instead of sending to address; send with datum;
    mint tokens?
  - Withdrawal across layers
- Can do something similar like Hydrazoa for deposits re: datums
- Common language for doing these operations; agreement
  - Pi, Phil, George working on these details
  - Goal of the working group as well!
- Discuss interoperability early, to avoid fragmentation!
- Hydra interoperability between themselves can look a little different than
  between completely different L2s
- Start an FRO
- Interhead hydra has a scalability issue
  - Braiding is an option?
  - HDLCs are an option instead
- Phantom tokens
  - <https://github.com/cardano-scaling/hydra/issues/358>
  - Tokens minted and burned on the L2
  - What about non-Ada tokens in Hydra?
    - x Tokens in
    - y Minted in Hydra
    - m Burned
    - What happens now?
  - Extra field for Phantom tokens?
  - Allow minting tokens to be input
    - On fanout reject
  - Need to handle arbitrary closings
  - How to handle this?
  - Minting policy needs to recognise this specific instance of the Hydra head
  - Whitelist of white things the L2 can mint based on what the L1 has
    permission to mint (doesn't have to be _everything_ that the L1 can mint.)
    - Can this be done dynamically like incremental commits/etc?
    - Governance mechanism to change these things?
- Metadata/Metric collection

### Links

- <https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/130815>
- <https://github.com/SundaeSwap-finance/hydra-ogmios>
- <https://iohk.io/en/research/library/papers/state-machines-across-isomorphic-layer-2-ledgers/>
