---
date: 2024-07-03
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vJdJs8TIWFarfSceMzDvkkPQS0Kc39W-
---

## Agenda
- Vote on any proposed process changes
  - https://github.com/cardano-scaling/wg-hydra/pull/7
- What is Hydra Head V1?
- Where to collect / vote on next agenda?

## Attendees
  - [x] Sebastian Nagel
  - [x] George Flerovsky
  - [x] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [x] Tudor Cotruta
  - [x] Philip Di Sarro (left 0:50)
  - [x] Reza Baram (joined 0:45)
  - [ ] Arnaud Bailly
  - [ ] Pi Lanningham
  - [ ] Sorin Canter
  - [ ] Colin Hobbins
  - [ ] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Michael Yagi
  - [ ] Sam Delaney

## Notes

- Catalyst fund12 is in full swing makes attendance

- Messages on the chat: Phil di sarro (on a future agenda item?)
    - https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/11/14/neoplasma.html
    - https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/10/31/l2types.html
    - This article details the problems of scaling solutions that this group is in a great position to address together:
    - https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2024/05/23/l2exec.html
    - There is a key challenge to this kind of layer-2-centric approach, and it's a problem that layer 1-centric ecosystems do not have to face to nearly the same extent: coordination. In other words, while Ethereum branches out, the challenge is in preserving the fundamental property that it still all feels like "Ethereum", and has the network effects of being Ethereum rather than being N separate chains. Today, the situation is suboptimal in many ways:

- Agenda item: Process changes PR
  - Accepted by all attendees
  - Process of going through PRs seems to work for now
  - SN implied that no need to do reviews on github if mentioned in meetings

- Agenda item: What is Hydra Head V1 to you?

  - Message in the chat from Phil di sarro
    - Hydra head version 1 to me means the codebase is audited / battle-tested in real world scenarios (could be on a test network as long as the user activity is real). Likewise, V1 would need to have support for at-least one web-wallet and at-least 1 web-based sdk to open/close hydra deployments.
    - The sdk would need support for at-least 1 external provider (ie blockfrost / maestro) so that you don't need to actually run the infra to use hydra.
