---
date: 2024-09-04
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wxFbgyG_Vlvol04CS_WlC12z7sawgE0N/view
---

## Agenda
- Sebastian: Roadmap updates, current features & spikes
- Trym: Review of plans 2025

## Attendees
  - [x] Sebastian Nagel
  - [x] George Flerovsky
  - [ ] Reza Baram
  - [x] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [x] Tudor Cotruta
  - [ ] Philip Di Sarro
  - [x] Pi Lanningham
  - [ ] Sorin Canter
  - [ ] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Benjamin Hart
  - [x] Franco Testagrossa
  - [x] Noon van der Silk
  - [x] Trym Bruset
  - [x] Caiña Costa
  - [ ] Sam Leathers
  - [x] Lucas Pedro (lucas@45b.io)
  - [x] Sandip Pandey (sandip@dquadrant.com)

## Notes

- Running hydra-doom at the constitutional workshop in Lisbon?
  - Similar to an upcoming demo we will have at Token 2048
  - Instructions on the repo should be usable by both
  
- Agenda for next time: mugraph demo / simulator
  - Testing and fault injection
  - Inspiration https://sim.tigerbeetle.com/
  - Sandip: also had been on testing

- Roadmap, Spikes
- Head in head; is it like Perun?
- Should not shy away from looking at bitcoin

- Interhead hydra
  - Takes the L3 idea, but across multiple heads
  - Intermediaries along a path? Maybe not
  - HTLCs compose nicely
  - Benefit: can run smart contracts as full fledged virtualized ledgers 
  - What happens if one of the L2 heads collapses?
  
- Is it Interhead Hydra good for a vision?
  - We need to be clear on its (even theoretical) benefits
  - Need to explore this further!
  
- Revisited again the constellation with an interhead hydra lens

- What's the use?
  - George: Expand from payments to generic transaction processing
  - Phil: Not very suitable for DeFi use cases; has not seen demonstrated in other communities
  - Trym: transferring Web2 use cases, providing flexibility in decentralizing

- Lightning is a successful payment channel tech
  - Phil: not relevant by volume and TVL compared to other L2s (e.g. even Base)
  
- Plasma has not been successful too
  - Should have a look anyhow though
  - "Why plasma failed"

- Work with wallet providers to make Hydra more standard

- Still, what is the value capture? Who is benefiting? There is not much economic icentive 

- If payments is our main use case, we should focus on it and not waste too much time with side-use cases like auctions etc.

- Also next agenda item: Interoperability with Lightning
