---
date: 2024-06-19
---

## Agenda
- Intro round: Hello and why here / expectations?
- Introduction of wg-hydra: Why and what -> charter draft
- Organizational: Membership, attendance and voting
  - Mention where minutes are taken -> in the repo
  - Chair role, secretary role (?)
- What is Hydra Head V1 to you?
  - Current release summary (?)
  - L1 protocol extensions vs. L1 limitations vs. network reliability
- Closing round: Everyone concludes (good, bad, what & when next)
  - Schedule next meeting (+2h request from ikigai)

## Attendees
- [ ] Colin Hobbins
- [x] George Flerovsky
- [x] Arnaud Bailly (first 30min)
- [x] Philip di Sarro
- [x] Pi Lanningham
- [x] Reza Baram
- [x] Sasha Bogicevic
- [x] Sebastian Nagel
- [x] Sorin Canter
- [x] Tudor Cotruta

## Notes
- Recording done by Pi

- Intro round: attendees are a mix of infrastructure builders and application creators
  - Optimistic rollups: could be based on hydra
  - Gummiworm: Feel part of the hydra family
  - How to improve Hydra, increase reach

- Why this work group? What is it about?
  - Is this about money? will this group be able to decide budgets?
  - Theme 1: Addition to monthly reports, this is more about discussion on roadmap. Concretely about the existing project.
  - Theme 2: Alternative approaches, other L2s; standardizing interoperability
  - Theme 3: Identify which projects / features would be great to be funded; resource allocation.
  - Place to help each other (co-opetition), but not strictly Q&A
  - (Overlay) networking could be a good area of common lessons learnt / share knowledge; discoverability of ephemeral instances
  - Discussion about inter-head communication 
  - Could become an L2-working group
  
- Organization:
  - Charter to hold these parameters on "How"
  - Use the github repository to track changes to processes
  - Keep meetings semi-open (anyone can ask for invitation) 
  - Discuss "unapologetically", require participants to be prepared
  - How to keep on top of things
  - Agenda items voting?
  
- Pitched briefly "What is Hydra Head V1" agenda item
  - to be covered next
  - also needs inputs from user side
  
- Interoperability
  - UX fragmentation on Ethereum is the biggest criticism
  - Agg-layer mechanisms are now created, but a central  
  - Starting late could be good here
  - We have the chance to do better in terms of standardization and interopability as we build things out "only now"
  - Having consensus in this group will also be good to have conversations about wallets more focussed
  - Prime example of a great agenda item this group to consider itself with!

- When next meeting?
  - Monthly too slow as we start
  - Bi-weekly sounds good
  
- Meeting ended on-time because google meet was hard-stop at 60minutes
