---
title: Hydra working group meeting minutes
date: 2024-06-19
---

## Agenda
- Intro round: Hello and why here / expectations?
- Introduction of wg-hydra: Why and what -> charter draft
- Organizational: Membership, attendance and voting
  - Mention where minutes are taken -> in the repo
  - Chair role, secretary role (?)
- What is Hydra Head V1 to you?
  - Current release summary (?)
  - L1 protocol extensions vs. L1 limitations vs. network reliability
- Closing round: Everyone concludes (good, bad, what & when next)
  - Schedule next meeting (+2h request from ikigai)

## Attendees
- [ ] Sebastian Nagel
- [ ] Arnaud Bailly
- [ ] Tudor Cotruta
- [ ] George Flerovsky
- [ ] Philip di Sarro
- [ ] Reza Baram
- [ ] Colin Hobbins
- [ ] Sasha Bogicevic
- [ ] Pi Lanningham
- [ ] Sorin Canter

## Minutes
