---
date: 2024-10-30
recording:
---

## Agenda
- ???

#### Attendees

- [x] Aaron
- [x] Caina
- [x] George
- [x] Noon
- [x] Philip
- [x] Trym
- [x] Tudor

#### Topics

- Incremental commits: In progress
- Interhead Hydra, etc
  - L2s
  - Aggregation
  - We're on good terms with other L2s
  - Universal Aggregation Layer
  - CKB/Nervos
    - Interested in operability between CKB/Lightning and Hydra
  - AgLayer
  - ZK-optimistic
  - Hydra inherits security from Cardano
- Overlay vs. L2/L3s
- Atomic payments where only one side has smart-contract
- BitVM
- Allow L2s across different ecosystems to communicate
- Hydra micropayments an accounting system
- Issues coming out of actually using Hydra
- Stories about operating Hydra; share a demo of an initial product
- Who could help with auditing?
  - Can some of us take a peak?
- Auditing on ZKSnark
  - Maybe ZKFold people
- Midgard specification whitepaper going well
  - Maybe share it in the next month
- Caina's update
  - MuGraph: Anonymous payment solution for Cardano
    - Runs on top of Hydra
    - eCash: Way back in the day
    - Sign something; receive a signature that you yourself signed it; but
      don't know what is signed.
    - Can have money that is indistinguishable from any other transaction of
      the same value
    - Cardano has NFTs, Tokens, etc
    - Use ZK proofs to make everything blind
    - Server doesn't know anything
    - Doesn't know inputs/outputs from transactions
    - Built on top of a Hydra head
    - Concealed with anyone else that is participating in the node
    - First release in a month or so!
    - People can do transactions on it and see how it works!
    - First release only running on the system itself
- More news
  - Supply chain tracking/logistics/tokenisation and so on
  - Wine: Want to work with more immutable things
  - Few elements that will use Hydra
  - Tokenise data; how to change it often? Use Hydra.
    - Data about storage conditions for wine aging; logistical movements
    - Warehouse receipts: Using Hydra
  - People please take a look and give some feedback
- Doom: Even more Doom!
- Hydra Tail
  - Probably not for the moment
  - Explore partnerships
- Lerna Labs (Adam Dean)
- Track project ideas
- Place to write down wishlists for Hydra
  - Maybe not the right place on the Hydra repo
  - Somehow facilitate this within the working group

##### Links

- <https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/cardano/idea/130826>
