---
date: 2024-10-02
recording: TODO
---

## Agenda
- ???

## Attendees
  - [x] Sebastian Nagel
  - [x] Perry Wasserbauer (later)
  - [ ] George Flerovsky
  - [ ] Reza Baram
  - [x] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [x] Tudor Cotruta
  - [x] Philip Di Sarro
  - [ ] Pi Lanningham
  - [x] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Benjamin Hart
  - [x] Franco Testagrossa
  - [x] Noon van der Silk
  - [x] Trym Bruset
  - [ ] Cai√±a Costa
  - [ ] Sam Leathers
  - [x] Lucas Pedro
  - [x] Sandip Pandey
  - [x] Jingles
  - [x] Martin Schere
  - [x] Aaron Boyle
  - [x] Jingles K

## Notes (please expand)

- Not really an agenda this time

- Trym gave a brief update on what's going on

- Partial fanout

- Ineroperability catalyst proposal (SN)

- Hydra SDK / tooling catalyst proposal (JK)

- UX needs of Cardano projects (no nix, docker, ...)

- Enforcable inclusion of transactions on L2s
