---
date: 2024-07-17
recording: 
---

## Agenda
- Impression of processes around the working group so far?
- What is Hydra Head V1?
- Where to collect / vote on next agenda?

## Attendees
  - [x] Sebastian Nagel
  - [x] George Flerovsky
  - [x] Reza Baram
  - [ ] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [x] Tudor Cotruta
  - [x] Philip Di Sarro
  - [x] Pi Lanningham
  - [ ] Arnaud Bailly
  - [ ] Sorin Canter
  - [x] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Michael Yagi
  - [ ] Sam Delaney
  - [ ] Colin Hobbins
  - [x] Benjamin Hart
  - [x] Franco Testagrossa

## Notes

- 
