---
date: 2024-07-31
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/16qPAQC_K28RjerNp3Q0N21FqUi2kpAkQ/view
---

## Agenda
- What is Hydra Head V1?
  - Confirm decision that "directly open heads" + "partial fanout" is good scope?
  - Configurable delay of observation "good enough" for rollback prevention?
- Auditing Hydra Head V1
  - Scope? Spec + on-chain code?
  - Plutus-tx okay or "aiken needed" for an audit?

## Attendees
  - [x] Sebastian Nagel
  - [ ] George Flerovsky
  - [ ] Reza Baram
  - [x] Sasha Bogicevic
  - [x] Tudor Cotruta
  - [x] Philip Di Sarro
  - [ ] Pi Lanningham
  - [ ] Arnaud Bailly
  - [ ] Sorin Canter
  - [x] Ilia Rodionov
  - [ ] Michael Yagi
  - [ ] Sam Delaney
  - [ ] Colin Hobbins
  - [x] Benjamin Hart
  - [ ] Franco Testagrossa
  - [x] Noon van der Silk
  - [x] Trym Bruset
  - [x] Caiña Costa

## Notes

- Welcome new members and recap briefly what this work group is about

- Roadmap changes review
  - Sebastian: showed how we incorporated feedback from last sessions
  - Confirmed that "directly open heads" + "partial fanout" supersede various other ideas

- Rollbacks discussion
  - Sebastian: What is "good enough" in terms of rollback handling for V1?
  - Caina: Plan to use mithril certificed transactions in μGraph
  - Phil: Also would be used by midgard and also the IBC bridge (plans on) relying on it: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-ibc-incubator/blob/a4fdd54714aa261a7cd1076742e7d357ac3cfcac/cardano/validators/spending_connection.ak#L197
  - How common and how big are rollbacks typically? There was a 40 block rollback recently that got attention.
  - Discussed about likelihood of rollbacks depending on where your node is located
  - Shared this calculator about rollback probability (depending adversarial state): https://www.geogebra.org/calculator/rjttcxk8
  - Phil: Many of these things do not matter, it's quite standard on other L2s that the native commitment scheme is not used and many users rely on L2<->L1 swaps for faster adding/withdrawing of funds. Users would likely accept a one week delay (for example) if there are alternatives to get ahold of funds.
  - Sebastian: Long delays are fine, iff there is no congestion on the act of adding/withdrawing funds.

- Quick Question about "What is needed for an Audit of Head V1?" -> Plutus-tx is fine, no need for aiken or plutarch specifically.

- Plutus V3 seems to be also much more performant (up to 2x depending on use case)

- Trym: Asking for input on "what would you want to see recommended to intersect?" when it comes to future roadmap
  - Caina: Current roadmap seems nice, but more education maybe (more exciting content)
  - State channels or have more L2s "to go to" - what is the future?
  - Caina: Lightning-like is the future and most compelling direction
  - Sebastian: What could we rally behind as a group? What if it's not something specifically "Hydra"
  - Trym: Just Hydra V2? What would that be?
  - Caina: Optimistic is the present, zk is the future
