---
date: 2025-05-07
location: https://meet.google.com/vnz-chhb-qxz
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wXe65VtvodEi_O0HRrD4nKBm-fB86kx9/view
---

## Agenda

- [ ] Noon: Recent release
- [ ] Seb: Deposit fixes and etcd
- [ ] Seb: Hydra product roadmap

## Attendees

- Sebastian
- Max

## Meeting notes

- Chat about topologies and product direction
- Nobody else showed up so it seems the shifted time by one week might have not reached everyone yet.

## Action items

- [x] Really make the meeting recordable by anyone
- [x] SN: Ask mithril team about a public meeting
- [ ] PDS: Create a discussion forum to draft L2 interop
  - Forum post, hackmd document or just use https://github.com/cardano-scaling/eutxo-l2-interop
- [ ] SN: Draft a CPS about "Generic L2 interoperability"
- [ ] PDS: Try to add some more use case context info to [hydra#1744](https://github.com/cardano-scaling/hydra/issues/1744)
